[upgrade guide] remove mentions of beta (#10121)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/upgrade-to/v5.mdx

import ReadMore from '~/components/ReadMore.astro'
import SourcePR from '~/components/SourcePR.astro'

This guide will help you migrate from Astro v4 to Astro v5.

Need to upgrade an older project to v4 first? See our [older migration guide](/en/guides/upgrade-to/v4/).

## Quick Links

The following features are **new/stable in Astro v5.0**:

- The [new content collections](/en/guides/content-collections/) using the [Content Layer API](/en/reference/modules/astro-content/) and [Content Loader API](/en/reference/content-loader-reference/)
- [Server Islands](/en/guides/server-islands/)
- [Type Safe environment variables](/en/guides/environment-variables/#type-safe-environment-variables)
- [On-demand rendering available in `static` mode](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/) (like the previous `hybrid` mode)

> Need to see the v4 docs? Visit this [older version of the docs site (unmaintained v4.16 snapshot)](https://docs-git-v4-docs-unmaintained-astrodotbuild.netlify.app/). **THIS LINK DOES NOT EXIST YET MAKE THIS LINK EXIST CHRIS**

Author: ```suggestion
Need to see the v4 docs? Visit this [older version of the docs site (unmaintained v4.16 snapshot)](https://v4.docs.astro.build/).
```
